docs updates (#10)
aws-ia/cloudformation-cloudflare-resource-providers: Cloudflare-LoadBalancer-Monitor/README.md

# Cloudflare::LoadBalancer::Monitor

This resource type manages a [Cloudflare LoadBalancer Monitor][3]

 [Documentation][4]
## Prerequisites
* [AWS Account][14]
* [AWS CLI][15]
* [Cloudflare account][16] and [API key][17]
## AWS Management Console

To get started:

1. Sign in to the [AWS Management Console][11] with your account and navigate to CloudFormation.

2. Select "Public extensions" from the left hand pane and filter Publisher by "Third Party".

> 3. Use the search bar to filter by the "NewRelic" prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the search bar to filter by the "Cloudflare" prefix.
```

  Note: All official  Cloudflare resources begin with `Cloudflare::` and specify that they are `Published by Cloudflare`.

4. Select the desired resource name to view more information about its schema, and click **Activate**.

5. On the **Extension details** page, specify:
  - Extension name
  - Execution role ARN
  - Automatic updates for minor version releases
  - Configuration

> 6. In your terminal, specify the configuration data for the registered New Relic CloudFormation resource type, in the given account and region by using the **SetTypeConfiguration** operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In your terminal, specify the configuration data for the registered Cloudflare CloudFormation resource type, in the given account and region by using the **SetTypeConfiguration** operation:
```

  For example:

  ```Bash
  $ aws cloudformation set-type-configuration \z`
  --region us-west-2 --type RESOURCE \

>   --type-name NewRelic::Alert::AlertsPolicy \

Reviewer: Update for this type.

  --configuration-alias default \
  --configuration "{ \"CloudflareAccess\":{\"Url\":\"https://dash.cloudflare.com/uuid\",\"ApiKey\":\"YOURAPIKEY\"}}"
  ```

> 7. After you have your resource configured, [create your AWS stack][12] that includes any of the activated NewRelic resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After you have your resource configured, [create your AWS stack][12] that includes any of the activated Cloudflare resources.
```

For more information about available commands and workflows, see the official [AWS documentation][13].

## Supported regions

> The New Relic CloudFormation resources are available on the CloudFormation Public Registry in the following regions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare CloudFormation resources are available on the CloudFormation Public Registry in the following regions:
```
